DEVX-2258 Check Prose for Offensive, Ableist and Gendered Language (#3405)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _partials/stitch/guides/enable-screenshare/javascript.md

# Getting Started with Screen Sharing

> In this getting started guide we'll cover updating media streams to add screen sharing to the Conversation we created in the [small conversation with video](/client-sdk/in-app-video/guides/enable-video/javascript) getting started guide. We'll deal with updating media stream events, the ones that come via the conversation.

Reviewer: "small conversation with video" -> conversation with video

### 1.3 - Installing the extension

> We'll need to install the extension on Chrome. There are a few ways to do that, the first being to publish it in the Chrome App store. But that's a lengthy process so we're opting for enabling developer extensions and installing it from there. You'll need to open [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/) an toggle `Developer Mode` in the right hand corner. A few more buttons will appear in the UI and we'll use `LOAD UNPACKED` and point that to the folder we have now created for our extension, `chrome-extension`. That automatically installs and enables the extension we now created, and lists the extension id. It looks something like `aaaabbbbccccddddeeeeffffgggghhhh` and we'll have to make a note of it, we'll be using it later.

Reviewer 2: **an** toggle developer mode -> **and** toggle developer mode

> We'll need to install the extension on Chrome. There are a few ways to do that, the first being to publish it in the Chrome App store. But that's a lengthy process so we're opting for enabling developer extensions and installing it from there. You'll need to open [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/) an toggle `Developer Mode` in the right hand corner. A few more buttons will appear in the UI and we'll use `LOAD UNPACKED` and point that to the folder we have now created for our extension, `chrome-extension`. That automatically installs and enables the extension we now created, and lists the extension id. It looks something like `aaaabbbbccccddddeeeeffffgggghhhh` and we'll have to make a note of it, we'll be using it later.

Author: ```suggestion
We'll need to install the extension on Chrome. There are a few ways to do that, the first being to publish it in the Chrome App store. But that's a lengthy process so we're opting for enabling developer extensions and installing it from there. You'll need to open [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/) and toggle `Developer Mode` in the right hand corner. A few more buttons will appear in the UI and we'll use `LOAD UNPACKED` and point that to the folder we have now created for our extension, `chrome-extension`. That automatically installs and enables the extension we now created, and lists the extension id. It looks something like `aaaabbbbccccddddeeeeffffgggghhhh` and we'll have to make a note of it, we'll be using it later.
```

> We'll need to install the extension on Chrome. There are a few ways to do that, the first being to publish it in the Chrome App store. But that's a lengthy process so we're opting for enabling developer extensions and installing it from there. You'll need to open [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/) an toggle `Developer Mode` in the right hand corner. A few more buttons now appeared in the UI and we'll use `LOAD UNPACKED` and point that to the folder we have now created for our extension, `chrome-extension`. That automatically installs and enables the extension we now created, and lists the extension id. It looks something like `aaaabbbbccccddddeeeeffffgggghhhh` and we'll have to make a note of it, we'll be using it later.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We'll need to install the extension on Chrome. There are a few ways to do that, the first being to publish it in the Chrome App store. But that's a lengthy process so we're opting for enabling developer extensions and installing it from there. You'll need to open [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/) an toggle `Developer Mode` in the right hand corner. A few more buttons will appear in the UI and we'll use `LOAD UNPACKED` and point that to the folder we have now created for our extension, `chrome-extension`. That automatically installs and enables the extension we now created, and lists the extension id. It looks something like `aaaabbbbccccddddeeeeffffgggghhhh` and we'll have to make a note of it, we'll be using it later.
```
